if you watch a trump rally speech for
two hours and you don't laugh once
you've got a problem I've known him a
long time yeah he he can make me laugh
like very few people I mean he's
genuinely laugh out loud funny he called
me for a catchup conversation we were
having a chat he said by the way what
happened to Theresa May well funny
enough I'm just reading a story this
morning that she's now on the speaker
circuit he went what I went yeah she's
getting uh 140,000 of speech and Trump
are you effing kidding me he said I'd
pay £140,000 not to hear a speak now
that's just funny
[Music]
yeah hello everybody I'm in London UK
today just arrived this morning I had
the opportunity to speak with Pierce
Morgan I've got to know Pierce a little
bit he's always treated me very fairly
as a journalist and uh also my daughter
who he's interviewed a couple of times
and so we had a chance today to sit down
and talk and Pierce has moved out of
mainstream Legacy broadcasting and into
the online space and he's actually kind
of a first mover on the European and UK
side um with regards to such a move and
so he has a very
popular Enterprise Pierce Morgan
uncensored which is actually kind of a
hybrid between a Legacy Media news
approach and the more free flowing
conversation and investigation that
YouTube in particular enables and so we
talked a fair bit about how he got to
that point the development of his career
we talked a fair bit as well about um
Britain's Got Talent and America's Got
Talent and the strict meritocracy that
those shows represent and the
implications for for the value of
meritocracy in the public landscape we
talked about his orientation his
increasing orientation in relationship
to his own curiosity his desire to
change his mind and to learn and how
that plays into learning to listen and
into running an increasingly successful
private news and public affairs
operation which is what he has on
YouTube a very very rapidly growing uh
Channel and so
and we talked a little bit about the
British political scene as most of you
know the UK people elected a new
government um only a few days ago uh
head headed by Kier starmer we had a
chance to talk about that as well and uh
that made up the bulk of our interaction
so join
us so tell me what you've been doing
that's particularly interesting I'd like
to know about your work on on online in
particular you've really blown up as a
journalist and so what do you think
you're doing right and and what have you
been doing that's interesting I would
say the most interesting phase of my
entire career has been the last few
months and the reason I would say that
is I've run National newspapers for
nearly 10 years in the UK I've judged
massive talent shows America's Got
Talent Britain's Got Talent I did CNN
replace Larry King at CNN that was all
of these jobs were fascinating there a
Morning Show over here but transitioning
out of conventional linear television
completely because we were running with
pi Morgan uncensored both a linear
vehicle for it and also YouTube and what
was happening was we were getting
100,000 people watching the big shows on
the linear version and we were getting
10 million watching on YouTube and
eventually I went why are we bothering
with the TV version there's the there's
the question why are we bothering with
the TV version like a global question
and I think the answer in 10 years time
is nobody will be yeah and I think you
know people like yourself people like
Joe Rogan people like Ben Shiro I think
everyone has worked out that anyone
under 45 doesn't really watch Linea
television they watch it for live sport
yeah um they might watch it for a
massive breaking news story but actually
what most people under 45 do is they
watch apps on their TVs and it's in
America recently 10% of American
television Watchers it was revealed in a
major study now watch uh everything on
their Smart TV to the YouTube app so
that's one in 10 right and that's going
to massively exponentially increase I
think very quickly so to me you know I
joke about it but in a way I feel like
the kind of Justin Bieber of Journalism
only very late in the day where he was a
YouTuber who who cracked the pop market
and I think I'm now someone has gone the
other way gone from a kind of slightly
stuffier old version of doing things and
I'm now doing it in a far more
streamlined quick interesting and
genuinely Global Way and is working yeah
well you're a you're a you're on The
Cutting Edge of that in the UK in
particular I mean my my sense of the UK
YouTube Market is that it's four three
or four years behind the North American
market in terms of in terms of what's
people's acceptance of YouTube as the
primary or at least online video as the
primary video source so but you've also
managed the transition successfully
which is so you've managed a lot of
transitions in your life successfully
right that's that's it's hard to be
successful at one thing it's a lot
harder to be successful at successive
things and a lot of the things you've
done have been quite different so what
is one common theme yeah I'm a
journalist and actually what is a
journalist it's somebody who's curious
who's quite judgmental um who's
interested in people um who's interested
in Talent normally or people who are
able to display a talent of something I
find most journalists are drawn to that
they want to get to the truth they want
to get to answers when I look at whether
I was a newspaper editor uh whether I
was a talent show judge whether I was
even competing in Celebrity Apprentice
with Donald Trump uh on his show whether
I was doing a Morning Show whether I was
doing any of these things or what I'm
doing now the common thread of all of it
are those that skill set that I
developed as a young journalist I think
has held me in brilliantly good stead
for every single thing I've done and you
you think that that's been transferable
as well to like Britain and America's
Got Talent because that that seems like
a a fair departure from s Cal hired me
for America's Got Talent which was the
first one yeah of the whole franchise um
because he said you're just as arrogant
obnoxious as judgmental as me ah I see I
see and what do you wanted was somebody
who was going to be not afraid to give
strong opinions not afraid to be
judgmental but also had as he put it a
journalist eye for talent you're
somebody said who would put pop stars on
the front page or television stars or
whatever it may be or politicians who
were on the rise so part of your job
every day was to look for the next big
thing and to look for the next talented
politician singer you know Entertainer
what whatever and he said I want you to
apply that same discipline to judging
acts on a stage and actually he was
completely right it's exactly the same
thing when I saw all these acts I I've
never been a juggler or a fire eater or
you know had any experience ofbody piano
playing pigs yeah exactly I me everyone
tried but I've never had any real
experience of being any good at any of
the things that the people in front of
me were doing but what I was good at was
identifying ones I felt a mass audience
would like that they would think were
good so I was able to judge talent far
better than I was able to do any of the
things that they were all doing for me
that comes down to the journalistic
chops that I think were in honed in me
from a a young age part of a journalist
job when you're running a newspaper when
you're doing a big CNN nightly Global
show doing a a loud noisy Morning Show
part of it is identifying what you
should be talking about and what you
think other people would be interested
in talking so that again just comes down
to having an instinct which I think lot
of journalists have so I think the
running theme is is the
journalism yeah well it's that capacity
to separate wheat from chaff I mean I've
watched Britain's Got Talent in
America's Got Talent a fair bit I have a
real soft spot for it it always makes me
tear up and Simon Cowell is a very
interesting person because he's a very
strange combination of extremely
sentimental and extremely judgmental and
so you can really see and I I it seems
to me that his judgmental capability is
actually nested inside his discernment
that he really does care that the people
who are making an effort and who are
genuinely talented rise to the top and
the price you pay for that obviously is
that the people who aren't genuinely
trying or talented don't get to rise to
the top and he's also I would say got
more sentimental and less judgmental
since becoming a father which is
interesting because I've known Simon for
nearly 40 years testosterone decrease
before he had any commitments he was
wham bam take everybody down if he
didn't think they were any good now he's
much more empathetic and I'm sure it's
becoming a father that's done that to
him I've noticed it tangibly on on
screen and it reminds me of Sir Alex
Ferguson it was the greatest sporting
coach in history I would argue he was
the great Manchester United football
coach and always said that he loved to
pick kids like 18 19 year olds because
they play with utter fearlessness and he
said once they started getting married
having kids sure having
responsibilities their risk-taking and
fearlessness started to diminish so the
peak time for a lot of footballers in
his estimation was 18 yeah 18 19 2021 it
makes perfect sense but interesting to
have the the greatest coach of all
actually outlined that this was a real
thing that he saw time and again it's
it's interesting to me again to watch
say those talent shows and see that that
capacity for discernment is also very
tightly associated with it's something
like the desire to Mentor right and it
there's something about that that's very
masculine because the masculine element
of Developmental facilitation is
something like mentoring it's something
like encouragement and you can really
see that in cowl and well everybody who
works on those talent shows is actually
quite good at that but he's he he all he
seems to be genuinely interested in
facilitating the development of the
career of the people who are in fact
talented and trying and goes out of his
way to do that I think it's it's part of
the appeal of the show you know to watch
him exercise that careful judgment
that's also on the side of the person
who's striving upward yeah it's a little
I me he said to me when I when I replace
or didn't replace him he couldn't be on
America's Got Talent because he was on
American Idol so even though he created
America's Got Talent he wasn't able to
be a judge and he said to me look here's
here's the deal remember I was I was in
Dreamland I'd been fired from my job as
a newspaper editor thinking that's the
end of my media career and literally a
few months later I'm on the Paramount
movie lot in Los Angeles in my trailer
next to David Hasselhoff's trailer and
Regis Spilman's trailer I'm thinking I
could get very used to this and then K
roared up in his Ferrari or whatever he
had at the time and he came and had a
cup of tea with me all very British in
my trailer and he said here's the deal
you can be as as judgmental as you want
and you can be as Brash as you like and
you can be everything that I know you to
be when you want to be that tabloid
editor kind of mindset but you have to
be right 80% of the time or more
otherwise the ACT doesn't play with the
audience at home if they're looking at
you being mean yeah but you're wrong and
they don't agree with you the ACT
doesn't fly and that was very good
advice because it concentrates your mind
to think not just what are you thinking
of something but actually what are the
audience at home likely to be thinking
here and that particularly comes down to
the empathy that you would want to show
certain acts a good example would be
Susan Bole who became probably the
greatest breakout that was really star
of any talent show everywhere anywhere I
mean there was a 47-year-old spinster
from a Scottish Village who never
performed outside of her little
Community who suddenly became the
biggest superstar in music in the world
sold 27 million albums and when the
finale of the show took place live there
were news crews from NBC ABC CB it was
insan it was amazing
insane and we all having initially been
very judgmental in a way if you look at
the original clip right rolling our eyes
who's this who's this this is going to
be terrible the evolution very very
quickly of wow we've got something
special here and then our desire
collectively to then be very protective
to Susan because she'd had a tough
upbringing she'd been starved of oxygen
when she was born and that made her a
little socially awkward with a lot of
people and we were determined that she
would get protected and Simon was
particularly determined it was his show
this was one of his breakout stars and
that's all part of it and I think that
that is a side of him that people don't
often see but I it his his desire to
protect Susan and people like her who
were just so unused to the Limelight but
she was extraordinary when I remember
going to the Rockefeller Center in New
York it was snowing literally like 2
feet of snow and they had an outdoor
stage and she was going to sing uh I
dreamed the Dream from L miserab the one
that she sang on the show live at 800
a.m. and she was vomiting in a dressing
room 10 minutes before from Fear M
utterly Terror struck and at 8:00 sharp
she was on that stage now age 48 uh in
the center of New York on NBC's Today
Show and she absolutely sang it
completely thoughtlessly in front of a
big crowd outside amazing I remember
looking at that going that's
extraordinary that's for sure so she had
you never know what's inside people and
she had something magical and the beauty
of those talent shows is you know I
always believe everyone's got something
everyone has a talent I genuinely
believe that and you know I remember
going to the Soto Township for example
in South Africa once and the kids
singing and dancing and seeing some of
them thinking you would literally win
America's Got Talent if you sang like
that on a stage and these are penous
kids in a in a Township in sueta so I
think everybody has a talent you just
have to find a way to unlock
it security is top of mind for many
Americans during these crazy times
security for our country security for
our leaders and security for our fam
but you're not financially secure if all
your eggs are in one basket gold and
silver are an excellent way to diversify
your savings they're a hedge against
inflation a physical asset that is in
high demand globally through my friends
at Birch gold group you can own physical
gold and silver in a tax sheltered
retirement account that's right you can
diversify an old Ira or 401K for no
money out of pocket into an IRA and
golden silver this is just one thing you
can do today to secure your family's
savings text Jordan to9 9898 and receive
a free no obligation info kit to learn
the role that precious medals play in
your overall saving strategy again text
Jordan to 98 9898 with an A+ rating with
a Better Business Bureau and thousands
of happy customers you can trust Birch
gold to help diversify your savings and
secure your family's financial future
text Jordan to 9898917350
incredibly broads spread widespread uh
public attention is because it
is strictly meritocratic yes right and
there's such
a ideological assault on the idea of
meritocracy I was just watching a
congressman from the US today claiming
that the critics of Biden after the last
debate are ablest yeah I mean well I I
don't even know what to think about that
it's like I see so now here's your
theory your theory is that it doesn't
matter whether the president of the
United States is able because all
discrimination between being able and
unable is a form of prejudice and that
even applies with regards to the
president of the United States and so
that means that all the people who are
concerned that there might be something
astray with him cognitively that we're
being lied to about at a at a level
that's almost inconceivable are now
equivalent to like KKK racists from the
1940s that's your argument and by the
way in relation to the same critique of
his vice president should you dare to
criticize Kamala Harris you are de facto
a racist the only reason kinome said
that the yeah the only reason that you
would feel the need to criticize this
black woman who's vice president is not
that she's been completely incompetent
in her job which any impartial Observer
would conclude but it has to be because
of her skin color and her gender and
even though that's why she was put in
the damn position to begin with Joe
Biden said publicly I want a black woman
right and then he gets a black woman who
is massively underperformed which hasn't
helped him at all but no one's allowed
to criticize her because if you do
you'll be called a racist and I find I
find that one of the laziest tropes out
there in modern society it's a way of I
think we've discussed it before but it's
a way of stifling honest debate it's a
way of censoring legitimate criticism
it's a way of asserting moral
superiority that's unearned that's a and
actually none of them really mean it I
mean it is the it is the genuine epitome
of virtue signaling what they're really
I mean I remember the you know for
example I remember um when the George
Floyd uh murder happened and it was a
horrific incident of course but I
remember that soon after that there was
a black Square day announced on
Instagram where everybody had to Signal
their virtue about this by doing a black
Square now I'd spent the entire morning
on Good Morning Britain hosting debates
about the George Floyd killing and
showing enormous empathy and support for
black lives matter and what had happened
this is very early stages before a lot
of stuff came out about the organization
black lives matter which put a rather
different gloss on them but the
principle that you know this had been a
terrible uh killing that this man should
never have been killed that it was
possibly racially motivated all that
kind of stuff I I was debating this with
a absolutely open mind and being very
empathetic to all these arguments but I
didn't do my black Square on Instagram
and my son got in touch with me and said
dad you got to do your black Square I
went why we're getting criticized
because you haven't done it and I
actually had posted a
picture of uh a bottle of rosé wine
because I was having one in my local
square and I hadn't given any thought to
the rule that I had to Signal my virtue
about this thing and I then got
absolutely annihilated by people saying
how dare you do this where is your black
square and I remember thinking but all
of you are going to go right back
tomorrow morning to posting inan
self-aggrandizing photographs of
yourselves on beaches or in nightclubs
or in Ferraris or whatever none of this
means anything to you whereas tomorrow
morning I'll be back on air doing
another 3 hours of debate about this to
try and get the society in uh in the
world in relation to this issue back to
a place of better racial Justice now
which one is going to have a better
effect on influencing people's mind go
be an ableist again right and that's the
point is that I found it such a TR and
kind of pointless example of this this
Cult of virtue signal it's worse than
that so I just finished a book which is
going to be published in November and I
walked through a a sequence of biblical
stories trying to explain what they
meant psychologically and I spent some
time on the book of Exodus for obvious
reasons and there's a commandment in
there that people
misapprehend so I think it's the third
commandment um don't use God's name Thou
shalt not use the lord's name in vain
and people think that means don't swear
or curse and it sort of means that
there's a peripheral meaning that is
associated with that c casual use of
this sacred let's say but that isn't
what it means it
means don't
claim Divine virtue when you're working
for your own purposes and the same thing
happens in the gospel accounts say
because the Pharisees who are Christ's
primary enemy are the people he accuses
of utilizing the sacred the
deepest so you could say compassion even
given its proper place for their own
self-aggrandisement they're praying in
public they're trying to occupy the best
seats in the marketplace they want the
best seats in the synagogues Etc that's
the accusation and so that virtue
signaling it's not it's not merely it's
it's an expression of an unbelievably
deep and ignorant narcissism right it's
part of the victim victimizer narrative
first of all which explains all of
history with no cognitive effort and
then it's these performative Gest that
make you morally virtuous right and and
one of the consequences of that too is
as soon as you're morally virtuous like
that you get to specify the victimizer
who's your enemy and tear them into
shreds and that's actually a moral act
and I mean you saw a bit of that you
said with the black Square yeah but it's
it's an unbelievably pathological but it
was fascinating to me that my own
children all in their 20s at the time
that they were being contacted by
friends saying why has your dad done
this picture of a bottle of wine where's
his black square and they were kind of
damned by
association and and were Keen for me to
rectify this problem and I had to say
there's a tribal signaling there too
yeah and I said guys I'm not going to do
it I'm sorry I'm just not going to feel
bullied into doing something that I
think actually is pointless and trite
and that all the people doing it don't
really care much about this cause and
will be very quickly back to their
normal work on Instagram which is
pumping themselves up and showing off
and all the things people do on
Instagram I said I'm just not gonna play
this game well there's no cost to doing
it right to putting up a black Square
you can indicate commitment that's
exactly right there's no sacrifice
there's no hard work why you use
sacrifice is that well because I think
that to really support a cause whatever
that cause may be at some point you have
to show a bit of sacrifice to that cause
you have to you have to commit time or
money or resources or whatever it may be
to support reputation put your head over
the parabit there has to be an element
of risk and an element of sacrifice now
if all you're doing is following the
hashtag trend of the day there's no
sacrifice There's No risk-taking in fact
it's the oppos it's actually more
courageous to say I'm not going to do
that what I'm going to do is I'm going
to do this and it's a far more tangible
and effective way of trying to get
racial Injustice to a better place which
everybody should share that desire and I
just feel that it's that it comes back
to what you said earlier about the the
victimhood generation the one common
theme of the people who play that victim
card all the time is they almost never
show any sacrifice for anything it's all
about themselves it's all about how can
I get pity how can I be showered in
sympathy how can I come become Almost
Famous for failure and celebrated for it
rather than the way I was brought up
which is he celebrated success you
drowned your sorrows with failure and
you didn't let it take you down or
destroy you and you dusted yourself down
and got back on with it but the idea of
celebrating failure the idea of
celebrating coming last at the school
sports day you know the idea that
everyone had to get a participation
prize even if they were terrible at
something no you know I wasn't very good
at Athletics at school I was very good
at Cricket I was one of the best cricket
players age 12 in the country and my
dream was to be a professional cricketer
I never made it um I the dream was to be
a journalist I made that but I was
terrible at Athletics my two brothers
were brilliant at Athletics they used to
win everything but I used to always win
the non-finalist race and I was very
happy about that because what it I said
to my what is that well so everyone who
didn't win a race got put in the non-f
finalist race so you were the kind of
lepers with the most fingers right for
one of a of a crass phrase and the point
was that you you were competing against
other losers but you could still win
something and I was thought yeah I'm
going to be the best loser because I'm
I'm crap at this I can't really run or
hurdle or throw javelins or anything
like that but I can beat this lot and I
was proud of that um but I never mistook
it for actual Glory or winning and I
think people that you know I see people
on on social media they say I'm so proud
of myself I just passed my driving test
at the 11th attempt and I'm like why
would you want anybody to know that why
would you want anyone to know that
you're so completely clueless at driving
they took you 11 attempts to pass your
driving test and what do you want me to
do do you want me to to send you
champagne do you want to you know do you
want to be trending number one around
the world for being the worst driver in
the world what are you celebrating here
if you passed your driving test 11th
attempt I'm pleased for you but I'm not
proud of you this is not something that
should instill pride in you um and I
think that that's that's where Society
is so warped now we celebrate failure we
we also celebrate pride and and pride
like formally right exactly and we also
um we've we've started to feel bad about
Winners we don't really feel comfortable
with winners anymore you know especially
if they're a little bit self-confident
and yet I think they're the best
possible Role Models out there people
that can perform in The Cauldron of
great sport or entertainment whatever it
may be you know I watched all the sort
of jealous sniping about Taylor Swift
for example and then I went to her
concert at Wembley absolutely
mindblowing experience it's not because
she's the best singer in the world or
the best dancer or the best actress or
the best pianist or the best guitarist
even though she does all those things
it's just I've never seen an audience so
up one with the performer where she gave
them what they wanted three and a half
hours of banging hits on a massive stage
with huge theatrics every kid there
including my 12-year-old daughter had a
fantastic time but the sniping she
doesn't sing every song Live she's this
she's that she's written all these songs
herself she's grossing $2 billion dollar
on this tour Prat the biggest tour in
the history of Music bigger than the
Beatles when they played Shay stadium
and yet the natural reaction of a lot of
people is to snipe whilst pretending you
can almost bet they all have hash beind
in there ex bios in other words I'm a
really kind person I'm a tolerant person
I'm a nice person and I'll destroy any
of you fascists who deviate from my woke
world view but when it comes to Taylor
Swift I'm going to all over her
I'm going to trash her I'm going to be
envious and resentful and jealous and
all these things which flies completely
in the face of what they're pretending
to be and it's that complete double
standard that I see with so many of
what betterr the woke Brigade as I call
them but it is is a as Elon mus said
it's a it's a mind virus and they are
actually leading lives and behaving in a
way that is completely the opposite of
what they are masquerading as and I find
that that deceit and that fraud actually
pretty offensive and it's like it just
exposes them for what they are well I
think I think to bring it back to the
the talent shows I think that that's all
dramatized in America's Got Talent and
Britain's Got Talent right because it's
people come out there and they can't
help in some sense but show who they are
very rapidly yes right they're on stage
and they're naked on stage right and
then they're judged and if it's done
well then the cream Rises to the top and
everybody's thrilled about that thrilled
about that and so now you said something
right at the beginning that I'd like to
return to too you you talked about the
shift that you've made into online
journalism and so you're I presume much
more autonomous but you also said that
you're having the most interesting time
of your career okay so what exactly has
I mean you had some positions where you
presume that you had a fair modum of
editorial freedom and so forth so what's
the what's the Cardinal difference with
what you're doing now in terms of its
Effectiveness publicly but also in terms
of its effect on your own motivation and
your quality of life what I would take
the um the Israel Hamas War as as an
example of why I feel this is a very
exhilarating time for my ker and it was
because for some reason that we weren't
really sure why this was happening very
early on we started getting gigantic
numbers on YouTube for our debates about
the the war and I interviewed people
like Bassam YF and 22 million people
watch that interview on our YouTube
channel and this carried on lots of
different voices from Andrew to the
Palestinian ambassador to whoever it may
be but I had people from both sides of
the Divide arguing very passionately and
then I began putting them together and I
became almost a ring Master a sort of
fulcrum for really smart passionate
debate by intelligent people who were
diametrically opposed about a big issue
and it really resonated with people and
then I began to realize it was
resonating globally so we were getting a
massive audience in America for these
debates massive audience in the Middle
East massive audience in Australia
massive audience in a lot of Europe and
so we we then did the same again with
the US presidential race exactly the
same so what it showed me was that
almost every media Outlet in
conventional mainstream media now has a
position they have their tribe you know
and they don't really deviate much they
don't allow too many open debates
between people who vly disagree they
would rather reaffirm their bias to
Their audience they're going for the
sure thing there they're going for the
sure thing which they believe is a thing
I think what we've done and listen it's
something you've been doing for a very
long time I'm not professing to be the
only person that does it but probably
what's unusual about what I've been
doing is this yes I do the big
one-on-one interviews with lots of
interesting people from Donald Trump to
Cristiano Ronaldo to you to whoever it
may be Kevin Spacey recently was a very
powerful interview but actually I think
that what if people you ask them what is
Piers Morgan uncensored on YouTube about
it's about bringing people together for
a proper animated passionate debate and
you also have the stomach for that I
have a hard time with conflict
fundamentally you know and so but you
you're you kind of remind me of Douglas
Murray in that regard is there are
people who
are well it's probably I don't know if
you've ever taken my personality test at
understand.com but it I did one test
that said I was borderline
uh psychopath well I'd be interested I'd
be interested in your agreeableness
scores you know because well it's also
with with cowl because it takes a
certain degree of emotional stability so
low neuroticism and a certain degree of
disagreeableness which is and those are
very masculine traits low neuroticism
and and low agreeableness to be able to
well first of all even tolerate conflict
but also you know with Douglas for
example there's an element of him that
really enjoys it like he likes that
comat I do I do too right right see I
and I get it from all sides I mean
Douglas obviously has a position about
that war where he's very very pro-israel
and take on all comers about it I'm a
more nuanced sort of ring Master to
people with strong views on either side
including I've had Douglas a few times
very powerfully but I I like having
people on both sides I did one last
night which was very actually was about
an hour long it was very animated two
pro Palestinians two pro- Israelis going
at it and it was a really interesting
hour of debate and I at the end of it
will get accused by people on social
media of supporting both sides right
I'll get the usual flurry of death
threats I'll get the usual abuse and
everything else um but I think it's a
price worth paying to actually what I
think is is rebuild a an atmosphere in
in Democratic countries of a genuine
democracy and you know places where this
kind of vigorous open debate can take
place and at the end of it actually I
can thank everybody and we can all go
back to to reasonably civil lives and
not want to kill each other and I really
feel you know I think you know I read a
book last year called wake up and at the
start of it I told the story of several
thousand years ago people existed in
tribes and they all had the same
haircuts they all had the same clothes
or whatever you know loin cloths they
were wearing they all had the same
attitudes to life they all like the same
kind of foods and drinks because that's
what the tribe did and there were lots
of these tribes and then they ventured
out eventually from their area and their
tribe and they met other tribes who
dressed differently sounded differently
had different attitudes looked different
and their instinctive reaction was to
try and kill each other and through
social media I felt we went we regressed
back several thousand years to those
days of tribes encountering each other
and their natur visceral reaction was to
try and destroy each other and so
everyone on Twitter was just screaming
all the time and what I want to do with
uncensored as the name on the tin says
is actually try and make people
understand it's fine to be passionate
it's fine to argue your case with great
emotion but what you shouldn't do is be
deliberately in denial about facts right
truth matters not my truth or your truth
the truth matters facts matter you can
have an opinion about facts but what you
can't do is ignore obvious clearly
provable in information which should
change your opinion about something
simply because you've decided you're so
embedded in your tribe that to do so is
somehow disloyal and that's where we've
got to so have the debates been the the
most popular thing that you've been
doing that yes I mean look the really
big interviews will always blow big yeah
um but actually the consistent power of
our debate whether it's about Trump and
Biden whether it's about Israel Hamas
you know whether it's about the royal
family whatever it may be getting smart
people on and I don't want I don't want
dummies on I don't want people who can't
articulate themselves I wouldn't have
Joe Biden on right now and just give
current condition because that's because
you're an aist exactly exactly um but
smart people who have passionate
informed views about the subject but I
want people from both sides and I want
to be there to try and Forge an
atmosphere consistently of the kind of
atmosphere I had in my local Village Pub
when I was a kid I first started going
to the pub you have a few beers and a
big old argument about something I used
to get you know chucked out my local pub
for being too opinionated when I was
hard to believe very very hard to
believe but 10 points of scrumpy and off
I'd go and I was just as opinionated
then as I am now and the land Lady Mary
would throw me out but she'd always
forgive me and let me back in because
I'd turn up with some flowers or
something so I knew how to turn things
around but that's been a consistent
theme of my career actually um but
actually you know in those days there
wasn't social media to kind of whip
everyone up into tribal frenzy and
people there wasn't understanding that
facts were facts and you have an opinion
about facts and interpretation of facts
is they're different from other people
but you can't have your own set of facts
which aren't facts you know as Ben
Shapiro's I think it still is his his
pinned tweet is facts don't care about
your feelings we're now a feelings Le
world where people feel that the power
of their feelings can supersede actual
facts people talk proudly about my truth
what does that mean what do you mean my
truth do what I want yeah my truth means
it may not be true but because I feel it
it is actually a form of Truth and I
find that a ridiculous concept which
doesn't make any sense um and yet a lot
of people fall for this and it's fueled
against by social media so what I want
to do I genuinely want people to come
together have a good old tear up but at
the end of it you know metaphorically
they're often not together so but just
to metaphorically shake hands and the
thing I like most is doing a big debate
at the end of it I see four smiling
faces because I've said something to
sort of thank you all for being such a
great pan oh thanks p and we all go our
separate ways I don't want people ending
debates and thinking I want to kill that
person because they I don't agree with
well free free speech is supposed to be
the substitute for war yeah right you
either let your stupid ideas die or you
die those those are kind of the rules
yeah so now in terms of you're you
talked about your motivation too that
you're you're at a particularly exciting
stage in your career particularly
because of the way that you're
approaching things online and so what
has that done for you that you didn't
have do you think in the other positions
that you've held I just I've noticed a
massively larger number of people coming
up to me all the time skewing young who
are really grateful for what I'm doing
I've never had that I've had I've had
people I've had people talk about stuff
I'm doing and say that was a you know I
enjoyed that or enjoyed this that was
funny the talent show guy or loved your
on Celebrity Apprentice going after you
know so and so all that I've had all
that kind of reaction or I hated your
views of this or all that is perfectly
normal to have a lot of younger people
come up and say what you're doing is
really important there's no else I can
see this kind of thing I don't get it a
deal I don't get it a school I don't get
it a university anymore you know there
are no people on the other side of the
argument allowed in University to talk
about it if they're on the conservative
right for example and I like the fact
you get everybody and I can make my own
mind up that's that's a great feeling
because that to me is the Bedrock of a
democracy which we've been in real
danger of losing so if I can be part of
restoring the genuine eth SCE of
democracy to a democratic country like
the UK or the US whatever it may be that
is a great thing to be involved with you
know I think you you're part of that Joe
Rogan's part of that you know people
that allow people to come on from all
different Gees and have their say and be
challenged and talk about what they
believe but ultimately that we genuinely
do believe in the power of free speech
and people are not afraid to say what
they think you know we it's so Weir or
they say it anyways even if they are
afraid or they they do what this is why
Donald Trump and like Susan Bole right
right and it's also why people like
Donald Trump are so popular yeah he's
popular because he says what he says
what he thinks he doesn't g i you can't
even help it he made an erection joke
during the presidential debate of I mean
that takes a lot of go and I know I
watched him I thought he can't even help
it that's one of the things that's very
interesting about him he is insanely
funny and you know this is also I I
don't think that people with dictatorial
Tendencies are mark by their sense of
humor no you know so now you know Trump
does Trump make jokes at his own expense
see I don't know that but he's very no
okay I've never heard well he might if
he thinks it actually makes him look
good in the long run okay but I think
the Trump is not a great self Joker um
he is a narcissist I've got no doubt
about that but he is very entertaining
and I will say to people if you watch a
trump rally speech for two hours and you
don't laugh once you've got a problem
because he can be very very funny now
it's a sharp humor it's a brutal humor
it's a New York Trader kind of humor
most New York real estate guys are like
Trump you know it's it's the environment
he grew up in um and you're a product of
your environment to a large degree uh
but he you know I've known him a long
time he he can make me laugh like very
few people I mean he's genuinely laugh
out loud funny I remember talking about
Theresa May that it was then British
prime minister and by Common consent
extremely boring and when she left
office he' been president when she was
prime minister briefly and uh he was he
called me for a catchup conversation we
were having a chat he said by the way
what happened to Theresa May well funny
enough I'm just reading a story this
morning that she's now on the speaker
circuit he went what I went yeah she's
getting uh £140,000 of speech and Trump
are you effing kidding me he said I'd
pay £140,000 not to hear a speech now
that's just funny yeah now I wrote about
that and she then ripped me very
amusingly at a magazine The Spectator
magazine had a an award thing and she
tore me to Pieces over that and got a
big laugh herself so there were no
losers here but the funniest work came
at my expense when I was having a laugh
with President Trump about how boring
she was so good good well done her but
point being it was a funny line it's
just a naturally it's a naturally sharp
funny definely quite witty guy now he's
got lots of faults but if you try and
pretend he hasn't got that in his Armory
yeah you don't you will never understand
the appeal of Donald Trump that's for
sure which is he's not like any other
politician he well in workingclass humor
tends to be rough and so Trump pulls
that off extremely well yeah of course
definitely definitely no question I mean
I come from a village of Working Class
People predominantly um when I grew up
and that's absolutely the humor it's
sharp it's Brash it's in your face right
it's the worst thing you can say and the
worst thing you can take that's kind of
the judge of character it's a very fun
game it's something I really missed as I
sort of climed are best are your best
friends people that you laugh at or with
or people who laugh at you yeah in other
words have you got the ability to laugh
at yourself as much as others I look at
my friends and I think actually most of
my best friends if they didn't have the
ability to laugh at themselves I
couldn't really be friends with them
right right of course and if they
couldn't let me mock them in a way that
I'm quite happy to be mocked myself
which I am
uh I'm I'm not sure I could be a friend
of someone like that because I think
it's such a key component to surviving
life is ability to realiz we're all
we're all pretty absurd right and I
think that once you realize that there's
a great scene in Faulty Towers one of
the great comedy series of all time only
12 episodes ever got made with John CLE
it's a great scene where he's got this
cast of completely ridiculous characters
in the hotel the hotel from
hell and they're all Bonkers and at one
stage CLE his character baser faulty is
the most Bonkers of all and he's
standing in the middle of him he goes my
God he said am I the only normal person
around here and it always makes me laugh
out loud because actually none of us are
normal the beauty of being a human being
is we're all slightly abnormal we're all
slightly nuts I think everyone has it in
them to be slightly nuts um but the
common thread of my friends and people
that I gravitate to is an ability for me
to take the piss out of them and they
laugh and you can only really be like
that if you yourself can take it which I
can I there's very little that would
ever upset me or that I wouldn't laugh
at if it's a joke at my expense and I
think that can be a disarming quality
with
people the less your business spends on
operations on multiple systems and on
delivering your product or service the
more money you keep but with higher
expenses on materials employees
distribution and borrowing everything
costs more to reduce costs and headaches
smart businesses are graduating to
netsuite by Oracle netsuite is a number
one Cloud Financial system bringing
accounting financial management
inventory and HR into one platform and
one source of Truth with Nets Suite you
can reduce it costs cut the cost of
maintaining multiple systems and improve
efficiency by bringing all your major
business processes into one platform and
slashing manual tasks and errors over
37,000 companies have already made the
move why haven't you by popular demand
netsuite has extended it's one-of-a-kind
flexible financing program for a few
more weeks head to netsuite.com
jbp that's nets.com
jbp netsuite.com
jbp so let me ask you I've I've done a
couple of interviews of of uh some of
your increasingly famous internationally
famous UK subjects so I talked to Nigel
farage this week and Tommy Robinson so I
ask you about a number of people on the
UK political front so let's start with
well let's start with Kier starmer
so in Canada we have a liberal
government although it's not a liberal
government it's a radical socialist
government Trudeau is farther to the
left by a large margin than our leftist
political party has been traditionally
and uh I got to tell you it's it's a bit
of a disaster you might say Canada now
has uh our GDP is 60% per capita of that
of the US right we have real estate
prices that are twice as expensive and
those are just the things we know about
and so I would say the leftist Tilt in
Canada over the last nine years has been
a much worse disaster than we even know
yet and now I can understand why people
here turfed out the conservatives
because well by my estimation they
weren't conservatives at all but God
only knows what sort of pack they've
brought in so what are your thoughts
about well what what do you think's on
the table for the UK for the next four
years well I've interviewed starm a few
times for my life story show which is
like a two and a half hour interview and
I think probably like you probably
believe that if you interview someone
for two and a half hours they can't hide
the entire time yeah you're going to
work out really what they're like I
think he's fundamentally a decent guy
yeah I think he's a kind of Regular Guy
there's nothing particularly flamboyant
or special about him um he's a self-made
man he had a very tough upbring his
mother was very ill for very long period
of time and he effectively was her care
of a all the time bit disenfranchised
from his dad no money um and he rose to
become a top of the legal profession
director of public prosecutions the top
lawyer in the country and now he's risen
to be the top politician in the country
to be prime minister that's a pretty
remarkable achievement yeah he's he's no
Silver Spoon guy at all um he is uh
somebody who drifted out to the far left
in the Jeremy Corbin era said he thought
Corbin would make a good prime minister
that's a blotch on his thought process
because Corbin would have been a total
mad far-left
disaster but interestingly and I think
encouragingly starma is not so
intransigent in his views that he's not
prepared to change the example being the
issue of trans women in women sport you
know he started off by saying that you
know women all trans women are women and
should be treated as such even the
violent rapists even you know it's a
problem those edge cases you and I
completely agree about this it's
obviously Preposterous but it's
interesting to watch him change the
positions and now he's a I think he now
says
99% of women don't have penises was his
last statement on the thing he's come a
long way right so you know I think he's
he understands that to be successful in
Britain as a politician you've got to
occupy the center ground really
historically almost every leader we've
had in modern times effectively has been
in the center ground from Blair to
Thatcher to you you go back and you pick
any up they're all pretty well hovering
in this kind of area and then you have
the extremities who cred a lot of noise
but never actually get elected and I
think that starm has done very very well
not withstanding the uselessness of his
opposition to bring his party more to
the center and he's understood he's got
to he's got to have middle England
feeling is's not a threat now the
challenge for him is there's no money
you know we're a pretty bankrupt country
at the moment in terms of money to spend
as a government he's already ruled out
three quarters of all tax revenue
potential saying he's not going to do
this not going to do that not going to
do so he's left really with tax the rich
strategy he's going to hammer people
like me uh he'd Hammer you if you were
in this country he's going to come after
you know money from the houses money
from uh schools he wants to put VAT on
on private schools Independent Schools
uh etc etc he's going to raise tax for
the rich and so I I don't like politics
of Envy
generally and I don't think it works so
he's got to have more Tools in his box
he's he's banking on the economy
improving he might get lucky but you've
got to have growth to do the things he
wants to do about public services our
health system is crumbling our education
system is crumbling crime is soaring um
you know you go through almost any
metric the the Cesar full of sewage you
know it's like everything is wrong right
now but to fix it you've got to spend
significant sums of public money if
you're going to do that without taxing
three quarters of the country you're
going to end up just taxing people who
may say you know what I'm going to leave
yes money is going to leave then you
have a brain drain of the creative
bosses who might be employing thousands
of people and then were you left so I
think he's got a lot of challenges but I
wouldn't underestimate him I think
anyone that's seen off the far LEF he's
done with his party um and he quite
think he's done that fairly effective he
was pretty courageous in the campaign
when he supported Israel pretty
emphatically despite the fact that there
were a lot of me 5 million Muslims in
this country most of whom would have
been uh persuaded to probably vote labor
and there's no doubt that would have
hurt him in the Muslim communities I
think he factored in that better to do
the right thing and we're still going to
win anyway and I think that's you know
was was a bit of moral courage shown
there so I don't underes estimate him
what about the people around him I think
he's got quite a smart cabinet actually
oh you do okay I do and I think they hit
the ground running in quite a smooth way
look his whole strategy is going to be
don't scare the horses and the children
right let's just steady as we go and it
may be that Britain's ready for that
after a very turbulent five prime
ministers in five years the chaos of
Boris Johnson The Madness of Liz truss
You Know Rich soon that really got a
horrible Hospital pass I think we're
ready for a bit of just calm stability
and you think he could off that I think
he can offer I've already seen signs
since he became prime minister of a well
organized man with a well organized team
who seem to know what they're doing
who've got a plan now whether it works
or not is another issue part of the
conservative problem was everything they
promised they didn't deliver on from
stopping the small boats coming over
from France from the Raging uh legal
migration which has gone from tens of
thousands to 700,000 people last year
net legal migration completely
unsustainable the Tories kept promising
we're going to take it back down to tens
of thousands they never did um they said
they sold out the NHS waiting list
they're the worst they've ever been you
know my mother had a heart attack um
eight nine months ago and was left on a
trolley in accident an emergency out in
the corridor for 7 hours having been
diagnosed with a heart attack and there
were 35 other people on trolleys out
with her that's the state and C too this
is modern day Britain yeah now he's not
a Trudeau you know I watched a clip of
Trudeau when he's with students and
someone says something about Mankind he
went oh no no no we say people
kind so he would literally change the
most iconic line in the history of
modern world which is one he would also
insist that you change it too right you
know one small step for man one giant
leap for mankind Neil Armstrong the
first lunar Landing would now have to be
one small step for a person one giant Le
for people kind that's the world that
Trudeau wants he is insanely woke and
the truth is if you are like that it
doesn't work as Canada sadly is seeing I
don't think starm is like that I think
he's much more pragmatic also think you
don't get to be director of public
prosecutions in this country the number
one lawyer in the country if you if
you're not a smart person and I think he
is a smart person but can he somehow
navigate us to a better place possibly
is he going to be a transformative Prime
Minister where we all wake up in two
three years and think wow the starma
revolution I don't think
so well you know that's better that's
better than it might have been well I'm
I'm so I spent quite a long time working
with Democrats in the US and I got very
disillusioned about that partly because
they
showed zero propensity to to draw a line
between the moderate Democrats and the
radicals like or even to admit that the
radicals existed or even to admit that
by Equity they meant equality of outcome
it was really quite stunning and I I've
I've talked to I don't know how many
reasonably high-ranking Democrats but
plenty and it was the same thing all the
time and so and then I also saw it in
the liberal government in Canada that
the radical leftists really took over
the joint let's say and so I'm
very what concerned that the same thing
is likely to happen in the UK well
that's good okay that's good that I can
say with some certainty I just don't
think stala is going to do that okay um
I do think he's going to operate attack
the rich mindset across the board and I
am concerned about the brain drain that
might but I think in terms of what
you're talking about I don't think he's
going to fall into that trap I think
he's seen what's happened with the
Democrats he's seen what's happened with
tr know I don't think he sees that as as
something he wants to be doing here now
I I hope I'm right but I don't I don't
sense that with him he's at his heart I
think he's a pragmatist and he's a well
organized guy he's intelligent he's
thoughtful he's never going to light up
a room with his presence maybe that's
okay for we're kind of done with the
Boris Johnson you know stick yeah you
know the guy bouncing in with a scruffy
hair cracking jokes and everyone thinks
it's hilarious it's hilarious right to
the point you have a pandemic and he
turned out to be completely useless and
ended up having lots of illicit parties
whil locking everybody else up in their
in their homes you know it's that kind
of one rule for me one rule for you
mindset is what killed the Tories in the
end and I think that starm certainly
won't be that and he will want to deal
with things like poverty in this country
in a way that the Tories I think have
neglected he will want to rise people up
rather than kick them down and I think
he's got the right kind of mindset for
that I just worry there's not enough
money to pay for
this Nigel
farage you know I should get on well
with Nigel but I discovered to my
personal cost he's a treacherous little
snake oh that's rough it was rough and I
was disappointed in him and the very
short version is that when he he was
working for GB news I was working for
talk TV we were Builders rival new
networks even though I didn't see it
that way but we were and he was the
Figure Head for them I was the figure
head so we kind of Rivals and I was
three months away from launching my show
on the new network here and he was
already on GB news they were already up
and running and he interviewed Trump who
he knows as well as I do and I sent him
a text message I still have it
congratulations on your interview with
Donald I thought it was terrific well
done he went well thank you it's very
gracious of you you know onor amongst
Rogues in the world of
broadcasting and then three months later
I got an interview with Trump at
Moraga and I went down there a big team
lot of money it cost to set everything
up there about to start when someone
comes and said we have a problem I said
what's the problem and they showed me
three pieces of paper and on it were all
the most critical things i' said about
Trump in the previous year on air in
columns and I criticized him a lot about
the way he handled the pandemic about
the stolen election claims about January
6th I've been pretty critical but he'd
always known I was someone that would
praise him if I felt he deserved it and
criticize him if he didn't that's why he
made me a seity Apprentice I was that
it's my
personality and right in the middle of
all
these quotes were two positive quotes
from Nigel farage which raised alarm
Bells with me about where this all may
have come from and sure enough it later
emerged very quickly nigela sent this to
him he'd had dinner with him at murago
two days before heard I was coming and
his response to my graciousness in
congratulating him on his interview was
to try and sabotage mine and I only
pulled it round by going to see Trump in
his office and he was effing and
blinding and shouting and raging at me
understandably because of the way this
had all been edited to make it look like
this was all i' said about him which
wasn't
true and I thought wow what a snake what
a snake to do that when I'd actually
gone out of my way to congratulate him
on his
and I don't like people that do that so
uh I thought I knew Nigel farage quite
well and I was mistaken I I take people
exactly as I find them and I find it
very very difficult to forgive when
people do that kind of thing and he did
it very deliberately to sabotage my
interview so yeah not a
fan so what do you what do you think I
would also extrapolate that that I think
that's part of his to me part of the
smoking mirrors thing with farage is
he's great at saying hey we can do this
this this and this and this and then
when it happens he disappears and it
doesn't happen break it he was the
architect of break it and then he just
disappeared he only ran this time for
Parliament because I was on BBC's
question time show with him and kept
calling him out for being a bottle job
and bottling it and not running and the
audience got on his back and he looked
really uncomfortable two days later he
announced he's running and it's actually
been a successful election for him
successful campaign I think the whole
reform thing is smoke and mirrors I
don't think they can deliver any of the
pledges and Promises they've made I know
they can't so to me he's a he's a bit of
a stra man uh it all sounds great but
he's a bit of a strong man you couldn't
possibly deliver on a lot of what he
says he can and on a personal level I
found that he was not to be trusted so
I'm not a
fan and so what do you think the reform
movements relative popularity indicates
for the conservative party in the UK it
indicates the conservative party had a
complete breakdown in trust with the
elector particularly with conservative
voters uh farage is a very good
communicator he by far the best
Communicator in British politics right
now he knows how to you know hold a
crowd he knows all the right things to
say knows the points he's going to get
Applause at he knows how to sell himself
all those things he's very very skilled
far more than most of the other
politicians in in the country he will
Clearly Now have a big influence over
the conservative party going forward
will reform end up doing a deal with the
conservatives possibly will they have to
tilt to the right to make that deal
happen many conservatives say they
should they should be doing that um what
do you think a tilt to the right would
look like in in great probably like a
more oldfashioned conservative party I
mean part of the thing about the
conservative party hasn't really felt
that rightwing um and I don't mean
rightwing is a stigma or a Badge Of
Dishonor I just mean that if you go back
to the well Net Zero is not a
conservative policy for example exactly
exactly and I think that you know go
back to margar thater was a very
divisive prime minister in many ways but
that was you know she had conservative
pouring through her her blood vessels um
I've not felt that with the conservative
party for many years they weren't a
conservative party really they were
trying to be people Pleasers and ended
up pleasing nobody and margarth Thatcher
never even read the newspapers she would
get a report a one-page report what was
in the papers and most of the time
didn't even bother with that because she
believed that newspaper headlines would
divert you from doing the right thing so
she would just do what she believed was
the right thing and be judged
accordingly and she was a three-term
Prime Minister Tony Blair was similar
you know he he was a three-term prime
minister um and you know he he
instinctively understood the mood of the
country at the time as did she for a
long time both of them became quite
divisive if not hated um but for a long
time they they understood the mood of
the country I don't think this
conservative party has any idea what the
mood of the country is and farad was
able to tap in with reform into a lot of
the things that people are really
concerned about but does he have the
answers I don't think so so I think it's
smoking mirrors with him could he be
effective in reshaping the conservative
party to be a more effective political
force absolutely and in that case I
would be pleased to see that happen um
because you know he's a good politician
there's no question of that he's just
not someone you trust with the family
silver well let's close this section
with this um what are you doing in the
future what what what's your plan for
example for your for your online well
what I want to do is actually is do some
of the things you've done which is one
thing I want to do been really struck by
there's a whole new world out there of
going on tour taking your show and what
you do and these interviews to a big
stage with a big crowd I want to do that
and I want to do it around the world I
want uncensored to be a really much
bigger brand I want to have other people
uh under the uncensored umbrella I want
to start developing it into a proper
business so I think that we've captured
something that's reasonably unique in
the space and the way we do our debates
and stuff and I want to uh maximize that
and exploit that to build a much bigger
business and I think it's really very
possible there's something well there's
something about the live space that's
might even become more important as the
AI Revolution continues because it's
going to get harder and harder to
discriminate between what's real and
what isn't yes and one of the things
that you is well that's the thing it is
live and I also think that people are
starving for that to some degree because
they well the social
media immersement is too abstracted and
so and the Live Events really go I've
seen I've seen your stuff you know I've
watched it online but I've seen you do
massive Arenas and things and it's it's
a crackling energy to it and it's
obviously it's lucrative from a business
point of view but it's also serving a
real need from P the public who actually
do want to hear unfiltered uncensored
opinion and debates about things that
they're kind of kind of curious or feel
too ill informed about and they want to
hear smart people talk in a smart way
and whether it's you know you doing it
or like I say Ben Shapiro people like
this there's no reason I can't do that
from my own perspective and to host big
debates in front of a big audience I
think they'd be very popular so I think
that I want to do that sort of thing
around the world um I'm doing another
book um I I have done a lot of crime
documentaries actually which I quite
enjoyed doing where I interviewed serial
killers and u paath and things like that
that's another string to my bow that
I've enjoyed doing for many years um but
I think generally speaking I've h on
something that really suits me which is
uncensored you know I I would love to be
known as somebody that really dragged
the debate back to proper debate
somebody who will have everybody on and
let them all thrash it out and leave the
viewer at home better informed and in a
better position hopefully to make a more
considered informed of you about what
they think
and not be afraid to express it you know
the number of young people who come up
to me and say you know I won my debating
thing the other day and it was because
of you you know I just decided no I'm
going to say what I think I love that I
love that yeah can understand should be
I was in my debating Society at school I
love debating things I've got a letter
from Margaret Thatcher when I defeated a
campaign for nuclear disarmament uh uh
person debating against me and I wrote
to her to tell her and she wrote me a
congratulations letter I've got that
somewhere um and I I you know that's
that was that was what I think a
democracy is about actually and we've
got to get back to that I think one of
the reasons that that comes up with
young people it's something I've seen a
lot talking to people say after my
lectures or on the street for that
matter is
that people people die without meaning
in their life because life is very
difficult and so then the question is
where do you find genuine meaning and
one of the things that I've come to
understand is that there's genuine
meaning in the truth because you don't
know what's going to happen if you tell
the truth all sorts of weird things
happen because you have to let go if
you're just going to say what you think
you have to let go you can't plot the
outcome you have to assume that you're
going to say what you think and
something's going to happen and whatever
that is well it's the consequence of
telling the truth and so even if it
doesn't look like it to you it's the
best thing and by the way Mother Theresa
could be on Twitter if she was still
alive and she could tweet I want an end
to child poverty and she would get
trolled right she would enrage people
Mother Theresa if she said she wanted an
end to child poverty you're only saying
that because of this what about you the
you once bought a a a ring you know all
that it it's the instinctive reaction of
the mob and what you've got to have in
this modern era you've got to have a
pretty thick skin again it's one of the
things I like about Trump is he not only
has the thinnest skin of any any human
being I've met he also has the thickest
so he reacts to absolutely everything by
going to Defcon 3 but he can soak up
even more extreme de cons in a way I've
never seen any public figure do that
would break anybody and he just bar
barrels on through yeah and actually
that's part of existing in life and
making the most of it you know you've
got to Sur it's like good to survive in
life you got to thrive you got to find
your thing that allows you to thrive the
point you're making it at least in part
is that you're going to pay a price for
whatever you say yeah and so at least
the advantage of saying what you think
is well first of all you figure out what
you think and second it's a relief but
it's also that's also you being
expressed and so the consequences of
your speech are I think the consequences
of your truthful speech are
indistinguishable from your destiny and
I think your destiny is an adventure
yeah and people said to me what the like
a there was a guy started here doing um
television for the first time he's a
journalist print journalist and he asked
me for advice I said I got one bit of
advice be authentic be you don't try and
be me don't try and be somebody else
don't try and be someone you've seen on
TV be yourself and if you are you and I
know him he's a charismatic funny smart
guy it'll take you a while to get used
to the environment of being a television
presenter but you will bring an audience
with you cuz they'll like you right but
they'll like you not because you they
you remind them of somebody else and I
think authenticity whether it's TV
presenting or anything in life is the
single most powerful weapon you have to
thine own self be true and it follows
thy can'ts be false to any man to borrow
the words of Shakespeare um well that's
a good that's a good place to end this
part so everybody who's watching and
listening I'm going to continue this
discussion on The Daily wire side and so
um I think I'll dig a little bit more
into well issues of Truth and and and
Free Speech I think is a good is a good
topic that we could continue developing
so if you want to join us there um
you're obviously more than welcome to do
that thank you pierce it's very good to
see you here in lond lovely to do this
in person we haven't even talked about
your jacket yet which is absolutely
magnic suit maker thank you yeah well he
made this for my tour and so we who
wrestle with God when I do my tour I
want to talk to Jack I will introduce
you to my suit maker I'll introduce you
we have Arsenal footballers on mine well
you can you can have the uh the Ling
custom made as well so all right well
thank you very much it was real good
talking to you yeah and so join us on
the daily wire side everybody
[Music]